c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\JNHub.Windows.xr.xml
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\JNHub.Windows.exe
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\JNHub.Windows.pdb
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\JNHub.Windows.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\JNHub.Windows.exe
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\JNHub.Windows.pdb
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\adheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.xbf
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.xaml
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.xbf
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\Pages\PodcastPage.xbf
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\Pages\VideoPage.xbf
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\PodcastPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\PodcastPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\VideoPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\VideoPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\PodcastPage.xaml
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\VideoPage.xaml
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\PodcastPage.xbf
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\VideoPage.xbf
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\YoutubeExtractor.dll
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\YoutubeExtractor.xml
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\JNHub.Windows.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\JNHub.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\Pages\WebVideoPage.xbf
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\WebVideoPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\WebVideoPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\WebVideoPage.xaml
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JNHub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\WebVideoPage.xbf
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.xbf
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\Pages\VideoPage.xbf
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\Pages\PodcastPage.xbf
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\Pages\WebVideoPage.xbf
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\JNHub.Windows.xr.xml
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\JNHub.Windows.exe
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\JNHub.Windows.pdb
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\JNHub.Windows.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\YoutubeExtractor.dll
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\YoutubeExtractor.xml
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\JNHub.Windows.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\VideoPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\VideoPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\PodcastPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\PodcastPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\WebVideoPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\WebVideoPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.xaml
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\VideoPage.xaml
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\PodcastPage.xaml
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\WebVideoPage.xaml
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.xbf
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\VideoPage.xbf
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\PodcastPage.xbf
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\WebVideoPage.xbf
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\JNHub.Windows.exe
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\JNHub.Windows.pdb
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\JNHub.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Adheus\Documents\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.xbf
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\Pages\VideoPage.xbf
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\Pages\PodcastPage.xbf
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\Pages\WebVideoPage.xbf
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\JNHub.Windows.xr.xml
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\JNHub.Windows.exe
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\JNHub.Windows.pdb
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\JNHub.Windows.build.appxrecipe
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\YoutubeExtractor.dll
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\bin\Debug\YoutubeExtractor.xml
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\JNHub.Windows.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.g.i.cs
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.g.cs
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\VideoPage.g.i.cs
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\VideoPage.g.cs
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\PodcastPage.g.i.cs
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\PodcastPage.g.cs
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\WebVideoPage.g.i.cs
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\WebVideoPage.g.cs
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.xaml
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\VideoPage.xaml
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\PodcastPage.xaml
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\WebVideoPage.xaml
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.xbf
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\VideoPage.xbf
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\PodcastPage.xbf
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\WebVideoPage.xbf
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\JNHub.Windows.exe
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\JNHub.Windows.pdb
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\JNHub.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
Z:\Projetos\Adheus\JNHub\git\jnhub\JNHub\JNHub.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
